== Git Commit Notifier

 by Csoma Zoltan (info 'at' railsprogrammer 'dot' net)

Sends email commit messages splitting commits that were pushed in one
step. Email is delivered as text or HTML with changes refined per
word. Emails have a scanable subject containing the first sentence of
the commit as well as the author, project and branch name.

For example:

 [rails][master] Fix Brasilia timezone. [#1180 state:resolved]

A reply-to header is added containing the author of the commit. This
makes follow up really simple. If multiple commits are pushed at once,
emails are numbered in chronological order:
 [rails][master][000] Added deprecated warning messages to Float#months and Float#years deprications.
 [rails][master][001] Enhance testing for fractional days and weeks. Update changelog.

== Requirements

- Ruby
- RubyGems
- diff/lcs gem
- SMTP server or sendmail compatible mailer
- mocha, hpricot gems for testing

== Installing and Configuring

Make sure the following Git settings are correct:
- git config hooks.mailinglist (email address of the recipient, probably your mailing list address)
- git config hooks.emailprefix (application name, used in email subject)
- see /usr/local/share/git_commit_notifier/config/config.yml for overriding these settings

Run the automated installation script:
  sudo rake install

To update already installed script, use:
  sudo rake update

See /usr/local/share/git_commit_notifier/config/config.yml for setting your SMTP server address and some other mail options.

== Credits

Thanks for Primalgrasp (http://www.primalgrasp.com) for sponsoring this work 

== License
MIT License, see the file LICENSE.
